[Music]
love is blind
so it's not always easy to figure out
whether your girlfriend's feelings are
true
or if she's just playing with your heart
thankfully there are a couple of red
flags that clearly show that your lady
is not as sincere as you think
number one she cares way too much about
your income
when you're a couple it's natural to
worry about each other's lives and
careers
but if your girlfriend is interested
only in the financial side of your job
this is a strong sign that she's just
using you
this type of girl tries to get closer to
a guy with loads of money and a
prestigious job
to get all the resources they have for
themselves
plus they care deeply about their status
so your high achievements are something
for her to flaunt about your
relationship
in this situation she's in love with the
lifestyle you can give
not with you as a person if you want to
know how she truly feels about you
try telling her that you have serious
work problems
a woman who loves you will ask what's
going on and try to make you feel better
a user girlfriend will quickly disappear
to find a new target
number two she has a lot of demands
it's always nice to organize an exciting
surprise for your girlfriend to put a
smile on her face
right however if your woman constantly
demands certain things from you
it's definitely not a good sign the fact
that you love her
and value your relationship doesn't mean
you have to splurge on new purses
expensive restaurants and luxurious
vacations all the time
if you feel like your lady likes what
you can offer
more than she likes you try to get her
something really meaningful but simple
next time
if she's into you she'll appreciate your
thought and effort
but if she's only into your money she'll
certainly show her true colors
don't forget that you two are a couple
and a unit
and this means that both of you should
be bringing something to the table
if you're the only one who's trying this
relationship
definitely isn't worth your time
number three she ignores your needs
while you're out there trying to meet
all her demands she doesn't really care
about your needs and wishes
sounds a lot like your relationship then
you have one more reason
to believe that you're dealing with a
typical user here
ask yourself one simple question when
was the last time that she did something
for you
not as a way to get something she wanted
but just to make you happy
exactly users can easily make you feel
bad for expressing your needs and wishes
twisting them into something they're not
as a result
they get everything they need and you
get nothing in return
and even feel guilty about asking for a
favor
not fair number four
she doesn't spend that much time with
you
time is one of the most valuable things
we have so if she doesn't want to spend
it with you
you're most probably not that important
to her
the truth is that she doesn't want to
invest time or effort into your
relationship
she wants you to give her what she needs
and go away until she calls you back
that's why she often makes excuses to
get out of a date
and doesn't look happy whenever you're
finally together
if you're still not sure that all of
this is about your girlfriend
the best way to figure out her real
intentions is to pay attention to the
time she does want to see you
if it's always near your payday or when
she needs another favor
i'm sorry man that she's a user in the
true sense of the word
number five she tries to keep you away
from your family
unfortunately our family can be bad for
us in some cases
but if you have the greatest family ties
and your girlfriend still tries to keep
you away
from your loved ones maybe it's time to
take another look at your relationship
try to talk to her and figure out
whether there is a significant reason
behind her protective behavior
maybe she doesn't get along with someone
from your family
or perhaps she's afraid they won't like
her
but if she can't explain what's going on
or keeps coming up with the lamest
excuses
she probably knows that your family will
quickly realize what she's up to
and tell you about it that's why she
tries to isolate you from others
to make you feel even more dependent on
her and therefore
do whatever she wants number six
she doesn't call you her boyfriend you
spend time together
you splurge your money on her you don't
hesitate to express your feelings
but she's still confused about your
official relationship status
of course sometimes your love life can
get pretty complicated
especially if there's someone else
involved
however if you two are free like the
wind and she still refuses to call you
her boyfriend
often introducing you as a friend
there's definitely something fishy going
on here
the real situation is probably very far
from the fairy tale you picture in your
mind
she's either in love with another guy or
wants to stay on the lookout for better
options
so yeah you're basically a comfortable
second best that she can hang out with
just so she won't be single
as always the only way to deal with such
suspicions
is to talk to your girlfriend listen to
her side of the story
and then decide whether this
relationship is worth fighting for
number seven you don't have serious
conversations
the honeymoon phase of a relationship
when you can't keep your hands off each
other is wonderful
but there has to be substance as well to
take your relationship to the next stage
you two have to connect on an emotional
level
if she shuts down despite all your
attempts to have a deep and meaningful
conversation
chances are she's not in this
relationship for you
she doesn't want to hear your childhood
stories family history
or opinions about fundamental life stuff
so she tries to keep her chats as simple
as possible
this basically means that she doesn't
see you in her future
and doesn't want to build a basis of
understanding and trust in your
relationship
since she won't be staying with you for
long
so there you go now you have one more
topic to discuss with her during your
next conversation
[Music]
number eight she's always on her phone
when you're together
when you love someone you can't wait to
spend more time with them and get to
know them better
and you definitely won't use these
precious minutes to check your instagram
or facebook
so if your girlfriend's thoughts are
rarely even there and she mostly looks
at her phone
she isn't too excited about you or your
relationship
for her it's just another date she has
to sit through to get what she wants
another thing that users often do is
speak about themselves
she won't listen to your work problems
or personal troubles and give you advice
she'll only talk about herself do you
need a partner like this
well it's for you to decide
number nine you sometimes feel like you
don't know her
users turn their acting into an art form
but even the sneakiest person ever can't
keep up the act 24 7.
they may put on a nice and friendly
persona but deep down they hate the
position they're in
and want to express what's on their mind
as a result they sometimes make a
surprisingly harsh comment about someone
behind their back
or say something rude suddenly
you feel like you don't know the woman
you love at all
and no matter how much you try to forget
these moments
they always stay summer in the back of
your mind making you miserable
the best thing you can do is keep an eye
on your girlfriend
don't justify her actions simply because
she's not like that with you
instead try to open your eyes and figure
out what kind of person is in front of
you
how many of these alarming signs can be
applied to your relationship
if it's five or more you should
definitely talk to your girlfriend
and ladies if you're watching too these
signs fit perfectly for a user boyfriend
as well
so be careful and don't hesitate to
leave a partner who doesn't love and
appreciate you
just make sure you sit down and have a
proper conversation before you make your
final decision
maybe you can fix the situation together
do you know any other signs of an
insincere partner tell us in the
comments section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends
and click subscribe stay on the bright
side
you